hello everyone other dishes so I favor
square as always i'm your host not wet
join with me in your honor Adrian thank
you very much for joining us here what's
up what brings you here in Houston Texas
anybody Danny Garcia no I you love
supporter one that that always were late
so no I think many people are comparing
it to the next Floyd Mayweather I think
you're very different to employ me
whether what are your thoughts on the
comparisons nature is a problem so I
know I they caught me became an agent
mr. HBO but um you know um he built his
own legacy and I'm
so you know I would little comparison to
our I learned from it
but a year ago you had a very tough
fight against the fight are many people
thought that you are going to you were
going to demolish we went a little bit
longer than many people thought since
then you can damage stating it was that
just a difficult style of height fighter
for you or is there something else with
on the fight well you know of you can't
go and find everybody
everybody fight different so so
different cultures different folks you
know why I do what I gotta do to get the
victory anytime I do it up that's why
I'm still unclear what's coming up next
May nineteen you know uh I was gonna
have a pony yet a tour names but nobody
really have double the Hang they self
yet waiter would be very best luck and
we look forward to seeing you many more
times in the future no problem my income
all right that about wraps it up for
another edition of switching over square
as always on the go Scott website see
you all at ringside straight up